[docs]: Fixed multiple text errors (#3721)
ToolJet/ToolJet: docs/docs/widgets/listview.md

To add an event to a button, click on the widget handle to open the widget properties on the right sidebar. Go to the **Events** section and click on **Add handler**.

> **Row clicked** event is triggered when the button is clicked. Just like any other event on ToolJet, you can set multiple handlers for row clicked events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Row clicked** event is triggered when the button is clicked. Just like any other event on ToolJet, you can set multiple actions for a row clicked event.
```
